feat: `no-obj-calls` support `Intl` (#16543)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/no-obj-calls.md

> The Reflect object also does not have a `[[Call]]` internal method; it is not possible to invoke the Reflect object as a function.

The [ECMAScript 2017 specification](https://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/8.0/index.html#sec-atomics-object) makes it clear that `Atomics` cannot be invoked:

> The Atomics object does not have a `[[Call]]` internal method; it is not possible to invoke the Atomics object as a function.

> And the [ECMAScript Internationalization API Specification](https://tc39.es/ecma402/#intl-object) make it clear that `Intl` cannot be involed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And the [ECMAScript Internationalization API Specification](https://tc39.es/ecma402/#intl-object) makes it clear that `Intl` cannot be invoked:
```
